# array_phantom_panning_refl_recordings

Copyright (c) 2015, Ferdinando Olivieri and Marcos Felipe Simón Gálvez, Institute of Sound and Vibration Research,
University of Southampton, United Kingdom
email: f.olivieri@ieee.org, M.F.Simon-Galvez@soton.ac.uk

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any 
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

# Description

When using any part of this data, we would appreciate if you send us a note at f.olivieri@ieee.org or M.F.Simon-Galvez@soton.ac.uk.

# Content

Audio files recorded with a KEMAR mannequin in the ISVR Small Anechoic Chamber where two reflectors were installed. The sound source was a 16 channel linear loudspeaker array driven with a white noise convolved with appropriate beamforming filters and panning gains. By using different combination of beamforming filter and panning gains, the sound generated by the array would bounce off the reflectors and  should give listeners the perception of a sound source coming from a given direction.

The audio files are stored in the `wav` directory.
The file naming convention is as follows:
`BEAMFORMING-ALG_DIRECTION-IN-DEG.wav`
where BEAMFORMING-ALG is either DAS (Delay and Sum) or WPMM (Weighted Pressure Matching Method).

